I'm Ada Longmund,. and as you may know it, I'm the pr project manager. Our project project is to create a new remote control. so the remote control has to be original, trendy and user-friendly. if we're the functional design, you have to do any individual work. and also work with meetings talking with each other. it will be the same for the conceptual design and also the same for the detailed design.. The tool training is to try out the white board,
Maybe someone ha we have to this whiteboard,
Maybe you can draw your favourite animal. and make a list of its favourite characteristics. I don't know if we have to do it now,. maybe later later. the selling price of the product will be twenty five Euros. I think it's quite good price, yeah. it will be a an international remote control,. and the product costs will be not more than twelve Euros and fifty centimes. try to create something new. And and the next meeting will start in thirty minutes,. you'll ha all have your spethisfispis specif specific role. you will have to work on the design. and also to work on the design of th technical fun functions of the remote control. and think of the user requirement specifications.
Those things just refer to each of each of us, I think. AMI
ID is for the Industrial Design,. And UID, it's for the User Interface Designer,
And Marketing Expert, it's me.
I will manage all all the group.
What's the difference between. user interface design industrial design?
I suppose you have to design it. and you have to take care of the industrial way to transform it.
I I think the user the user interface design is he will design how the user will you know the relation between the user and you know the remote control so. And the industrial design, it is how the object will look like.
Maybe, it is the outside and the inside.
'cause the user interface to design for example where the but button will be, you know.
I'm trying to give you some trends about what should be done and what the users would like to have. and then thi this would I guess converged to the User Interface Designer wi and then Industrial Designer.
So really the remote control to be international. And not too expensive. And to be sure that really people will be interested in buying a new remote control with maybe new functionalities that don't exist in the existing remote controls now.
There was a step about drawing something in the in the board,. Are we supposed to do right now?
You can draw something which is very simple.
It's a It's a cat. you have to draw a rat if you want a rat. It's a rabbit.
Right. A fish.
We have break.
We have twenty five minutes for the meeting.
You know your job?
I have an idea of my job